KIRINOSHIMA JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL
Yo! Yo, Koyuki.
Hey.
Which one of us do you think is the
hottest?
It's me, right?
Huh? Well, um...
Man, you're so cute.
You got her all flustered, Tatsu.
Look at that!
They only mess with you because
you let them.
Stop letting them rile you up!
Oh... O-Okay.
That looks so good.
Ah, my bad, Koyuki.
Didn't notice you there.
Maybe you shouldn't be so short.
Help out, Amano.
Let shorty here borrow some of your
height!
Could he be any more obvious?
Yeah, everyone can tell.
Right?
Shorty, shorty!
Wait up, Shorty Yuki!
Chill, I was just joking!
I've always asked myself...
Ooh, Igarashi definitely has a crush
on you, Koyuki.
I think Tatsu has a thing for you too.
Ugh, lucky! I'm so jealous!
Why's it alright just 'cause someone
likes you, or claims they're joking?
Why don't... my feelings matter?
MEITEN HIGH SCHOOL
Mari, Muko, and Mei!
Okay! Then everyone's in!
It's happening!
Last day of finals, we're having
ourselves a snack party!
- Yay!
Yay!
- Love it!
- What should we bring?
- Girl, this was such a great idea!
- Class Five is so lucky.
- I'm excited.
- Azumi's a goddess who walks among us!
And she even talks to us lowly introverts
because she's basically a saint!
Excuse me.
- Huh?
Here.
The teacher asked...
If I could make sure to bring this
to you.
Uh, well...
Thank you?
- She's terrifying.
Who was that?
Koyuki Hikawa... aka the Ice Queen.
The Ice Queen?!
She doesn't hang out with any other
students.
That's the first time I've ever talked to
her.
- But it's almost the third trimester.
- It's not my fault.
She gives off these prickly "back off"
vibes, so I just kept my distance.
Chick's scary, man.
Whenever Miki invites people to stuff,
everyone wants to come!
- Oh my gosh, stop!
- 'Cause she's the idol of class five!
Stop!
Look, come on, you guys, stop acting
like I'm some kind of...
It's already winter.
Which means the second trimester's
almost over.
One more to go before my first year
of high school ends.
Without...
Anything really happening.
Well... I guess it's better than middle
school at least.
Oh...
Hmmm.
For the most part I don't care how people
see me anymore, but it kinda bothers me
when they look at me like that.
I don't get it.
What on earth's so scary about me?
My face?
Should I smile more?
SQUISH
Whoa!
Oh...
Sorry, sorry!
I was just curious what you were doin'
there.
Minato, what's going on?
Oh. Yota! What's up?
Huh? Hey, what're you doing?
Are you bullying her?
That's so not cool, man, c'mon!
Who, me? Please.
Are you okay?
Let me help you up.
Oh, uh... thanks.
I mean...
So tall!
152 cm, 176 cm, 189 cm
Sorry about my friend here. You can't
take him anywhere.
What're you apologizing for? I didn't
do anything.
Is he telling the truth?
Seriously, what kinda guy do you
think I am?
Y'always seemed cool to me, Hikawa.
We never had problems.
Aside from making weird faces, you're
pretty chill.
- What?
- Sorry again about scaring you there.
Well. See ya.
How did he know my name?
More importantly...
Who was that?
I saw this on the stream yesterday.
Did you know it's going like super viral
right now?
Whoa. Really? I didn't know that.
- Someone's sitting in my seat.
- Where do they sell it?
At convenience stores, mostly.
Which is less effort?
THE EFFORT TO SPEAK UP
Yeah... I'll just wait.
Oh my gosh! Am I sitting in your seat?!
I'm so sorry!
GRADE 1 CLASS 2
Uh... no, it's fine.
Awkward...
I- I'm really sorry about that, Hikawa.
Huh?
What for?
I'm confused.
Did something merit an apology?
Koyun, did you leave yet?
Not yet. I'm still at the entrance.
I don't have work today. Let's walk home
together!
Woohoo!
Okey-doke. I'll be at my locker.
Be right there.
Ten... nine... eight...
What? A countdown?!
Seven.
Wait, hold on!
Six, five, four, three...
Two...
- One.
- Koyun!
Safe!
Hey! What's so funny?
What is it?
I just didn't think you'd take
it seriously.
That is probably my quickest time
on record!
Pretty impressive, huh?
You can be such a goofball, Miki.
Can I hang out at your place?
Sure, my mom's not home anyway.
Oh, and by the way, you know you
ignored me in the hallway yesterday,
right?
BLANK STARE
Because I didn't have anything to
say to you at the time.
- Uh...
- You could've at least said hi!
Isn't Miki amazing?
What social skills!
She can even connect with the Ice Queen.
Look, they're all good people, and...
I like them, I do, but...
I just don't get it!
They put me up on this weird pedestal.
It's like everyone thinks I walk on
water or something!
Why? I don't get it!
I'd rather go back to being treated
like a gorilla, like before.
Insult me, or call me names! Anything!
I wanna be silly and goof around.
I just really don't wanna play
Little Miss Perfect anymore!
I wanna make people laugh.
As the real me!
Then why don't you just start acting like
yourself around our classmates?
Instead of this persona.
I'm not trying to put on the whole sweet
act on purpose.
Ahh, I don't know.
Whenever I try to be my real self,
for some reason, it just doesn't
come out.
At school, I automatically switch to
that mode.
Maybe...
Maybe I don't even know who the real me
is.
Or what my real feelings even are.
Mi-
BANG
- ...ki?
- Ugh, oh my gosh!
Just snap out of it, Miki!
I'm being such a sappy, emo drama queen.
I promise I won't let it happen again!
You'll be just fine.
Whether you're an idol or a gorilla,
your true friends will always stay
by your side.
Those who weren't there for the right
reasons might lose interest,
but who cares about them?
Koyun...
If it were me...
I'd honestly rather be all by myself...
than keep fake friends around.
What?
If I didn't talk to anyone all day I'd
literally die!
Dunno about literally, but sure.
I really wish I had the strength to enjoy
being alone as much as you do.
Well, I dunno about all that.
I'm not saying my way's right either.
Always taking others' feelings into
account is really admirable.
But if it's too much for you, you
can stop.
THE WAY YOU SEE YOURSELF
Ugh, I can't think about this kinda
stuff right now!
Alright. Let's go back to studying for
the test.
Sounds like a plan.
Sweet, now go ahead and tell me
everything that'll be on the
- English exam.
- English!
Seriously?
I love the quiet of the classroom before
everyone gets here.
Now where's my vocabulary book...
Hm?
This is Miki's.
She must've left it after our
study session yesterday.
I imagine she'll need it, so I should
bring it back to her.
Miki probably isn't here yet,
so guess I'll just put it in her desk
drawer for now.
Huh?
Whoa!
Gotcha.
That was terrifying.
Are you okay?
Oh, the guy from the other day.
- Huh?
- Uh-huh?
Wait...
Huh? W-What is it?
Ooh, no, no, no.
What is...
What's going on here?
Go on, Koyuki.
Feed Mr. Giraffe.
Ohhh!
The girl from the other day!
Um. I am.
I'm not wearing my contacts today,
so I didn't recognize you.
Sorry for bumping into you.
Are you okay?
Uh, I just had a flashback.
Oh, wait.
Hmm.
Are you friends with Miki?
Uh. Yeah.
He knows Miki?
Are you in class 5, Sir?
No, I'm in class six actually.
Was just coming to get a textbook I
WHY ARE YOU USING HONORIFICS?
lent to my friend in class five.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
I came to give this back to her since she
forgot it.
Oh.
W- Where is her desk?
Seriously?
I think, uh...
- This is probably it.
- Probably?
I'm messing with you.
This is it.
Hey, you wanna scribble something on
her desk?
Like "don't forget this next time."
No.
I'll just text her.
Yeah, but who wants to be all mature?
I prefer writing little notes for
my friends.
Like "I got my textbook back."
He seems... pretty laid back.
See you later.
I really appreciate your help.
Let's both crush our final exams.
Uh, what was it?
Let's see, um...
- Himuro!
- Oh. Um.
My name isn't Himuro, though...
It's Hikawa.
Oh, well. It's okay.
He just met me so that makes sense.
So peaceful... and quiet.
Just how I like it.
- A huge coffee stain right in the
- Guys always hang out in groups.
Middle of his shirt. So I try to tell
- him, right? But he's all like
- Depends on the guy, I guess.
"Concentrate, Mr. Hayato!"
- And I'm like, dude...
- Hm?
I recognize him.
He was with the guy who looked like a
giraffe.
He's in my grade.
There's three grades at my school.
I never paid much attention to my
surroundings before.
Didn't know who my classmates were.
- Eventually, I was just like fine
- Or anything about them, really.
Whatever, and let him keep
walking around like that.
Oops.
Our eyes met. I think. Maybe.
I just quickly looked away like an
awkward weirdo.
Then again, I barely know him, so why
would I say hi?
Eh, it's fine.
Let's see. We've got milk tea...
Oh, cocoa sounds good too.
MADE WITH 8 AUTHENTIC SPICES
What's up?
Why'd you ignore me back there?
- Oh, I did?
- Yeah, I waved at you, and you ran away.
Huh? You waved?
I can't believe it!
Ah! Uh, I'm- I'm sorry.
Am I though?
Uh, I honestly just didn't notice you
had waved.
I swear I didn't mean anything by it.
I know. Just messin' with ya.
- Huh?
- Your drink.
Oh, yeah.
BIMMY AUTHENTIC CURRY DRINK
EIGHT KINDS OF SPICES
What's that? You like that stuff?
No, I just pressed the button by mistake.
Oh, man, that was my fault.
- I'm so sorry.
- This guy...
He doesn't seem like a bad person.
But his way of keeping people at
arms length is different from mine.
Hiya!
So I can't help but keep my guard up
and feel wary.
I can't tell... who you really are.
Hey!
Whatcha gettin' into, Amamiya?
Amamiya?
Hm?
Right, I never introduced myself.
Name's Amamiya.
Nice to officially meet you.
- Uh, hi.
- Wait, why're you introducing yourself?
You hitting on her?
Wait, whoa, what's going on?
I know he seems all cute and cuddly but
be warned, alright?
You better keep an eye out with this one.
Nah, I'm just playin'!
Okay, knock it off. For real.
- Uh...
- Get lost, dude.
- No, thanks.
- I'm uncomfortable.
Jeez...
And I really, really don't like it.
Huh? Uh, what's going on? You good?
Hm.
STRETCH
What?
What is happening?
Oh. Wait, I think...
He's teasing me.
MIND THEATER
THE CORRECT WAY TO RESPOND WHEN TEASED
Okay, so what's the right way to respond?
One: Get angry.
Rah, I'm so angry!
Two: Act shy.
Oh, my gosh, would you stop?
Three: Laugh.
You're so funny.
It's probably best...
To just smile.
Option three: Laugh.
Hahaha.
Man, is she prickly.
Or was she just like that 'cause
she was mad at me because I interrupted
your conversation?!
No, probably not.
If I were to guess...
That was... her wall?
Hey, help her out, Amano!
Let shorty here borrow some of your
height!
Yeah, yeah...
Yo, 'sup, Little Yuki!
Tell me the truth, Koyuki.
Are you into Igarashi?
I mean, did you see that?
That was so funny!
I died!
I'm sorry, Koyuki.
I'm warning you, don't try it.
Hm?
Koyun, I'm sorry!
Homeroom is literally never gonna end!
You can just head to the community center
without me.
Great.
- Hey. Hey, hey! Why are you all
- Ugh.
By yourself, huh?
I'm not.
Could've fooled me!
I don't see anyone else.
- Yeah, where are they then?
- Why is it always like this?
- Is it an imaginary friend?
- Why me?
Why do I still get bullied and
harassed even after school?
She can exorcise my demons!
Yo, wait up!
Hey, we're just tryna help you out here!
We're really nice guys.
I dunno, speak for yourself, man.
- I mean, I'm just sayin...!
- I really hate this feeling.
It's the absolute worst.
- No, but seriously you can trust us.
- This is bad.
Yeah, like I said, we're nice guys. Don't
worry.
I have to run.
FREEZE
I don't know his name.
GONG
- Uh, is she broken?
- Uh.
Um...
THINKING
- Help!
- What's your problem?
You know him?
- Hm?
- Oh! He saw!
STARE
Hm? Hmmm?
Put your contacts in!
And... he's gone.
- Dude, he totally blew you off!
- Ouch, he ignored you so hard. Jeez!
- Now come on, let's go have some fun.
- I'm not going!
Oh, what should I do?
TWO PEOPLE AGAINST ONE
WHAT IF I MAKE THEM MAD IN A BAD WAY?
And frustrated.
- Come on.
- And pissed off!
- Let's go. Let's go. Let's go!
- It'll be super fun!
I told you... I'm not going anywhere!
- Yeah, trust us!
- Just leave me alone.
Seriously.
Bye.
Sorry. Are you okay?
Oh! I knew it. It was you!
Mister Giraffe.